{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When approaching the app - need to figure if it's Tal on top of NextBoss. Or NextBoss on top of Tal. \
\
Backend wise - it is Tal on top of NextBoss\
Approach wise - it is NextBoss on top of Tal \
\
My previous thoughts on [[Taking Meaningful Words to where they are Read]] have changed a little bit over time: \
- We are now moving to a non-WhatsApp world because WhatsApp did indeed cuck us \
- The belief in internet leading to networks (LinkedIn), and LLM leading to conversations (Tal) continues \
- The existence of an app allows us to build a truly enduring platform, provide richer value, and build a generational product \
\
Below are my thoughts on how such a product can be enhanced while we build it: \
\
Firstly, let us start with... what is Tal... or who is Tal? \
Tal is a chat agent who feels surprisingly real. Tal talks to you in natural language, understands who you are as a professional, and sends you absolutely kickass jobs in 5 mins. \
\
As a GTM - Tal should have Bengaluru startup jobs that are not out there in the wild yet -> these will be sourced by the Round1 team. This in itself is reason strong enough for someone to join Tal. \
\
What is Tal will be defined by what Tal is not: \
- Tal is not stupid\
- Tal is not boring\
- Tal is not an AI agent\
- Tal is not a job board\
- Tal is not the old\
- Tal is not made for business/money/profits\
\
\
And hence, in making Tal, we've tried to build what we feel after 3 years of building Grapevine, and in the age of AI, is our best attempt at building a product that is deeply helpful to working professionals. \
\
We felt that Naukri and LinkedIn have taken away any focus whatsoever from the candidate. And we feel candidate is the most important thing in our lives. They work for the economy. Their ambitions matter because cumulatively it pushes the country and humanity forward.\
\
Tal is our attempt at giving these working professionals a 'work friend' that for the first time tries to understand what they actually want, works for them and their career round the clock, and makes them privy to information and opportunities that they would have otherwise not been privy to.\
\
Marketing angle: Tal finds you jobs that you wouldn't have found yourself\
Marketing angle: Talk to Tal so you don't miss on your dream job\
\
Tal is a character and backstory, because we felt it needs to have personality. It's a culmination of what we feel every professional should have - an agent, a friend, a brother, a rich uncle - he can be whatever when you need him to be. \
\
On Marketing approach: We will never build hype around Tal, our only job is to take him to his rightful place in the universe.... in the phones of people who will benefit from him.\
Nobody cares about BlueMachines.ai or Mave Health once the hype dies. One is building a shitty voice model and the other is building a brain device destined to make you crazy. \
\
We're making a good, helpful product. When you make a good, helpful product (for example standard sized pants) you don't create hype around them... you sell them at first. Initially a few people get it... then more... until you kill all tailors because they didn't make sense in the first place... it was inefficient. \
\
Tal is every professional, every recruiter, every hiring manager in India. He is all the efficiencies and the inefficiencies. He is all the good and the bad.\
\
What should an app like this have, ultimately? \
It should be called Tal by Grapevine \
\
It should begin in the form of a chat... but there must be a button to explain what is Tal. \
\
The explanation to what Tal is should be in the following format: https://farza.com/\
\
The app should begin with a chat that is unlike any chat this person has had. It should hold the promise of giving you a magical job recommendation in 5 mins, because that's the JTBD.\
\
Tal should introduce himself, talk to the user and understand them, and then share it's first recommendation. \
\
There should be a place to explain what all Tal can do -> Although that is Tal Powers. \
\
Tal by Grapevine, in Bangalore\
Motto: Discover in a moment, the work of a lifetime. talk to tal, find your calling.\
Tal can help you find your calling. \
\
We need to make the user get the value - because we know the product packs value \
\
Open questions: \
- What should 'Powers' be called\
\
*Feature suggestion*\
- We should add generate next reply - we generate the next thing that the user can ask in the chat... rather than them having to type \
- Add chips at more places - not just job cards but also -> roasts, or every last message for that matter\
- We definitely need to reveal internal dialogue/thinking further for every Tal message \
\
\
Organizing Tal Powers  -> Task for me \
- "How much does he earn?"\
- "Culture at this company"\
- "Salary at this company"\
\
Tal's notes... "What does Tal think about you?"\
\
\
Engagement logic for Tal notifs \
How to make Tal engaging \
\
"Fake ads on Tal"\
\
\
}